Quote Text,Quote Author,Quote Source URL,Quote Date
"Money is gold, and nothing else.",J.P. Morgan,"Congressional testimony, Pujo Committee",1912-12-18
"In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value.",Alan Greenspan,"Gold and Economic Freedom essay, Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal",1966
"Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property rights.",Alan Greenspan,"Gold and Economic Freedom essay, Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal",1966
"If you don't own gold, you know neither history nor economics.",Ray Dalio,"Greenwich Economic Forum, CNBC",2025-10
"Gold is a very excellent diversifier in the portfolio. If you look at it just from a strategic asset allocation perspective, you would probably have something like 15% of your portfolio in gold.",Ray Dalio,"Greenwich Economic Forum, CNBC",2025-10
"We have gold because we cannot trust governments.",Herbert Hoover,,
"All roads lead to inflation. I'm long gold. I'm long bitcoin. I think commodities are so ridiculously under-owned.",Paul Tudor Jones,"CNBC Squawk Box",2024-10-22
"We are going to be broke really quick unless we get serious about dealing with our spending issues.",Paul Tudor Jones,"CNBC Squawk Box",2024-10-22
"It's traded for 5,000 years... some regard it as a metal, we regard it as a currency. Central banks and governments are in a currency devaluation race to the bottom and gold will be the winner.",Stanley Druckenmiller,"Ira Sohn Investment Conference",2016-05
"The only space I have any risk right now is the US Dollar, and I'm obviously long gold for the same reasons.",Stanley Druckenmiller,"Norges Bank Investment Management Conference",2023-04
"If you're in a world where prices are going higher, you want to own the things that are going higher in price. Commodities like gold, silver, and rice tend to appreciate during inflationary times.",Jim Rogers,"Interview with Julia La Roche",2023
"I hope I'm smart enough to never sell my gold and silver. I hope I'm smart enough to buy more in the future.",Jim Rogers,"Interview with Julia La Roche",2023
"Physical gold is the way to go, in my view, because of the incredible increase in money supply. It's a race to the bottom. People are going to finally realize that you got to have gold because all the currencies will be losing value.",Mark Mobius,CNBC,2019-09
"Historically, gold has always been a safe haven against inflation and a safe haven in times of political instability.",John Paulson,,
"Gold is rising again... There has been a significant increase in demand from central banks to replace dollars with gold, and we're just at the beginning of that trend. Gold will go up and the dollar will go down.",John Paulson,,2023
"I still think a 25% type of weighting in gold is not excessive. I think that is an insurance policy. It's in a winning mode because of the weaker dollar and I believe that's going to continue.",Jeffrey Gundlach,"CNBC Closing Bell",2025-09-17
"I'm not a gold buyer – it costs 4% to own it. But it could easily go to $5,000 or even $10,000 in environments like this. It is one of the few times in my life it's semi-rational to have some in your portfolio.",Jamie Dimon,"Fortune's Most Powerful Women conference",2025-10-15
"I view gold as the primary global currency. It is the only currency, along with silver, that does not require a counterparty signature.",Alan Greenspan,Gold Investor magazine,2017-02
"Gold still represents the ultimate form of payment in the world. Fiat money in extremis is accepted by nobody. Gold is always accepted.",Alan Greenspan,"Congressional testimony",1999-05-20
"The reason people hold gold is as protection against tail risk, really bad outcomes.",Ben Bernanke,"Senate Banking Committee testimony",2013-07
"Nobody really understands gold prices and I don't pretend to understand them either.",Ben Bernanke,"Senate Banking Committee testimony",2013-07
"It is a sobering fact that the prominence of central banks in this century has coincided with a general tendency towards more inflation, not less. If the overriding objective is price stability, we did better with the nineteenth-century gold standard and passive central banks.",Paul Volcker,"Foreword to The Central Banks",
"Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon in the sense that it is and can be produced only by a more rapid increase in the quantity of money than in output.",Milton Friedman,,
"Inflation is just like alcoholism. In both cases, when you start drinking or when you start printing too much money, the good effects come first, the bad effects only come later.",Milton Friedman,,
"It's very much like the early '70s... where do you put your money in? When you are holding money and you put it in a debt instrument, and when there's such a supply of debt and debt instruments, it's not an effective storehold of wealth.",Ray Dalio,CNBC,2025-10
"Gold is the only asset that somebody can hold and you don't have to depend on somebody else to pay you money for.",Ray Dalio,CNBC,2025-10
"If and when the American public wakes up to the reality that their dollars are not money, but a currency, the panic and stampede will begin. Should that happen, today's prices for gold and silver will look like bargains.",Robert Kiyosaki,"Rich Dad Poor Dad",
"Buy gold and silver... The average person has been educated into fake money, fake stocks, and fake bonds.",Robert Kiyosaki,,
"Physical gold is the way to go, in my view, because of the incredible increase in money supply. It's a race to the bottom. Investors haven't even woken up to what central banks are doing.",Peter Schiff,"The Lead-Lag Report",2024-10
"If gold can go from $20 an ounce to $2,600 an ounce, it can go from $2,600 to $26,000, or even to $100,000. There's no limit because gold isn't changing — it's the value of the dollar that's decreasing.",Peter Schiff,"The Lead-Lag Report",2024-10
"Numbers like $10,000/oz and $15,000/oz are not pie in the sky. These are very simple calculations that are historically rooted.",Jim Rickards,"Small Caps Australia",2019
"There is no question that gold is going to re-emerge as the monetary unit of choice for the world. It's not an accident that gold was money for 5,000 years.",Jim Rickards,,
"Here's the dirty little secret: Fiat currency is designed to lose value. Its very purpose is to confiscate your wealth and transfer it to the government.",Mike Maloney,"Guide to Investing in Gold & Silver",
"Throughout the ages, many things have been used as currency: livestock, grains, spices, shells, beads, and now paper. But only two things have ever been money: gold and silver.",Mike Maloney,"Guide to Investing in Gold & Silver",
"At this particular time, you should have a significant amount of money — not just 5 percent — but a significant amount of money in gold because it's the only financial asset that's not simultaneously somebody else's liability.",Doug Casey,,
"Gold is money in its most basic form. Banks and governments fail, paper currency has always been a joke.",Doug Casey,,
"Investors who own gold are in fear. Investors who have none are in grave danger.",Marc Faber,"Gloom, Boom & Doom Report",
"I will never sell my gold... I buy more every month.",Marc Faber,Webinar,2014
"Things are shaky and feeling dangerous. I still think gold serves a purpose in portfolios.",Jeffrey Gundlach,,
"Gold can't run a deficit. It can't default. It can't go to war. It's isolated from government failure. That's why people trust it.",Scott Bessent,"Tucker Carlson interview, Treasury Department transcript sb0073",2025
"When I had my fund, people would've called me a gold bug.",Scott Bessent,"Tucker Carlson interview, Treasury Department transcript sb0073",2025
"There can be no other criterion, no other standard than gold. Yes, gold which never changes, which can be shaped into ingots, bars, coins, which has no nationality and which is eternally and universally accepted as the unalterable fiduciary value par excellence.",Charles de Gaulle,,
"Gold is the supreme safe-haven asset. Central banks such as DNB have therefore traditionally had a lot of gold in stock. After all, gold is the ultimate nest egg: the trust anchor for the financial system.",De Nederlandsche Bank,"Official DNB reports",
"Gold is an inflation safe haven, not bonds. When you're looking to remove inflation risk from your portfolio, you sell bonds, including Treasuries, and you buy gold and silver.",Peter Schiff,,
"The biggest stock market crash in history is coming. Buy gold and silver.",Robert Kiyosaki,,
"The world is completely unprepared for the next crisis, which will be far worse than the previous two.",Jim Rickards,,
"We have staggering amounts of money printing in the last year or two all over the world, and we're going to have worse inflation, it's not over yet.",Jim Rogers,,
"I think in consideration of central banks whose function in the long-run is to print money – we never forget that a central bank exists to print money – gold and other precious metals are still a good investment from a long-term perspective.",Marc Faber,,